Yes Hello to city Outpatient man here matter is this drying was finished take now live
I'm taking a video, and the viewer is taking
If here in ps press is to be able to download it in person if free of plush
As you can do as of August 19 as of August 19 , please try by all means first
Because 123 nice
I thought selfish Ne 's state as it is LittleBigPlanet in or impressions that went about page
But I'm from the third stage Sir
If it was 4, after all the feeling changed completely and it became an adventure game
Basically, so in the world tan you paste the Toka image of the character Toka town in cardboard
Character is an action game
Someone Rutte said, I'm going to explore the math Street er softening ne
The movement of the character and the saga-Little Bic
On purpose that I tree Kuribitsu than I like a
Properly can not move Tsu I mean skin and would like to see its completion
In addition, I wonder if it moves a little strange
Because it moves, there is a place where it falls a little and it looks like a little big
I thought it was a good action game
But I thought it would be time to make it so indie
Oh
Brain miso is a picture that is grabbed by hand in the adventure game was was I a the title screen
Ari-ri
It's just I do kind of story 1 of sound
After that , you will get a hand in later, so I will read it with that hand and clear more and more
For example
I'll solve a woman who is fragrant and why it's fra
I'd you say and Luke like troubled by what look sleep that after man of the human brain is swung to the woman of the people
If I get a gift and go to each former woman's place
That the Tteyuu why shook put in hand to take the brain miso so So I try to solve it
If you take the tool to solve and hand it over to the men, they are tied again and it looks like the stage clear
Say it Naso
Hey adventure game received interference
I can not say anything because I did only 30 minutes 1 hour of my sister in the early stage , but I did
It was like that in the past
I think it's done very well I don't think it's done so well though it's indie
was
This I I'd like to wow Little Mick the character of the movement motion did I
Deliberately such a movement Zura I human smell movement would do say Ampang I No Tteyuu of
I do
Menu 5
If you emphasize the boy's 10 moves or a
The operability is not good as it is not good as an action game .
right
Three of Merlin used it well, but this game is
Conversely, by applying it it'm able to be soooo overlooking TaSuge action there is that much sense
but
After all it is meaningless if it is an adventure game
Oh yeah
I received the feeling that it would be a good little tick respect.
Recently there have been few adventure games like adventure games
Bell rice ended succeeding note to see such to the sound world of the market But there do full and
I'm not an adventure game, but this game isn't
Of feeling that does not get bored by adding the action element well there
There is a level and something that is not received in the field of the world, that is
Because there is no student card, this is the addition of the action character
It becomes
Interactivity comes out by taking action with
Simply layer comes out is interactivity Tteyuu access to Nonbisho
That I mean waving to resolve rather than read the story - something Toka going to solve the problem
Look like a more game because there is interactivity that put the action of say so
I think it is very interesting
It's on ps plus on it speak east
Was such impressions review videos that I tried name try a jammer
If entered the p splash Please try it for free for you + is a fun game
I think you are full
See you next time was like say stick 5 Please try it by all means Baibai
Thank you for watching until the last
This channel shoots videos 365 days a day
A to have you, so channel registration was something in the still Already
Please register by all means Summary field at the bottom of this screen
This will subscribe ask from people well as moving images in the video mountain related to this video
Please also watch the other videos if you are happy that the playlist is also hot
See you soon